as the animal relief coalition for Haiti
we've been able to deliver aid and bring
help to over 50 thousand animals last
year in port-au-prince alone but
probably more critical than that is the
rebuilding of infrastructure for that
country on that we are putting together
or back in place three new buildings at
the National laboratory's our mobile
clinic is in full swing and there are
cold units in 12 locations around the
country that are storing and
distributing vital vaccines for the
animal health in Haiti undress and we
gotta get our mohammadi coming to
Balotelli linking a second the thomassi
a lady from braving the aftershocks in
the first weeks following the earthquake
to the cholera outbreak and the most
recent political turmoil our teams or
veterinary teams have not had an easy
time in the field but thanks to a very
good political support from the Haitian
government and very strong character
from our teams we can look back at the
year and see some very significant
achievements
oh that's a good girl yeah what a good
girl there is a lot of work to be done
in Haiti but by focusing on the long
term as well as the immediate needs of
Haitian animals and their owners we hope
to be able to help those people on their
hard road to recovery all thanks to the
generosity of our supporters